All these bills and so little we can afford, I can hardly breathe.
Wait till you're married. That might never happen.
It's been hard since Monika died. It's good to talk to someone who understands me.
A promotion would fix all this. She understands me.
Sometimes I wonder, what would it be like to be with Markle?
It's like everyone knows about sex, but me.
Okay, they'll want some evenings, weekends, my meetings, service, my kids.
Maybe I could make it work.
Jehovah has always been there for me.
But I know why Jehovah tells us to wait.
He doesn't deny his good things. He protects us, so we don't get hurt.
I know Jehovah understands me best. I want to stay close to him.
I know Jehovah knows what we need, and he will provide, because he promised it.
And he always has, I am determined to wait patiently on my God.
And never do anything that would displace him.
Because his blessings are so worth the wait.